README.md, before:

# assignment-1
## Setup

Create a virtual environment (first time only):

```sh
conda create -n reports-env-2024 python=3.10
```

Activate the environment (whenever you come back to this project):

```sh
conda activate reports-env-2024
```

Install packages:

```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

[Obtain an API Key](https://www.alphavantage.co/support/#api-key) from AlphaVantage.


SendGrid SetUp

To use SendGrid for sending email, you must first follow some setup instructions to create an account, verify your account, setup a single sender address and verify it, then finally obtain an API Key:

First, sign up for a SendGrid account, and click the verification link sent to your email address.
https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fsignup.sendgrid.com%2F


Then follow the instructions to complete your "Single Sender Verification", and click the verification link sent in another confirmation email to verify your single sender address (i.e. the SENDGRID_SENDER_ADDRESS). You should be able to access these settings via the "Sender Authentication" section of the settings menu.

Finally, create a SendGrid API Key with "full access" permissions (i.e. the SENDGRID_API_KEY). You should be able to access these settings via the "API Keys" section of the settings menu.
https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fapp.sendgrid.com%2Fsettings%2Fapi_keys


NOTE: Sometimes SendGrid may deny your application for seemingly no reason. Try using your personal gmail address as the single sender, and put information related to your business or university (like the address) as the business information.

NOTE: If working in a group or development team, only one group member needs to get this set up successfully, and you can consider sharing credentials with other group members.

Once you have obtained the credentials, set them as notebook secrets called SENDGRID_SENDER_ADDRESS and SENDGRID_API_KEY, respectively.


Create a ".env" file and add contents like the following (using your own AlphaVantage API Key):

```sh
# this is the ".env" file:
ALPHAVANTAGE_API_KEY="..."
```

# optional:

SENDGRID_API_KEY = "---"
SENDGRID_SENDER_ADDRESS = "---"

## Usage

Run the example script:

```sh
python app/my_script.py
```

Run the unemployment report:

```sh
#ALPHAVANTAGE_API_KEY="..." python app/unemployment.py

python app/unemployment.py
```

Run the stocks report:

```sh
python app/stocks.py
```

Run the RPS game:

```sh
python app/rps.py
```

## Testing

Run tests:

```sh
pytest
```

Commit message:

web_app flask set up (#4)

README.md, after:

# assignment-1
## Setup

Create a virtual environment (first time only):

```sh
conda create -n reports-env-2024 python=3.10
```

Activate the environment (whenever you come back to this project):

```sh
conda activate reports-env-2024
```

Install packages:

```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

[Obtain an API Key](https://www.alphavantage.co/support/#api-key) from AlphaVantage.


SendGrid SetUp

To use SendGrid for sending email, you must first follow some setup instructions to create an account, verify your account, setup a single sender address and verify it, then finally obtain an API Key:

First, sign up for a SendGrid account, and click the verification link sent to your email address.
https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fsignup.sendgrid.com%2F


Then follow the instructions to complete your "Single Sender Verification", and click the verification link sent in another confirmation email to verify your single sender address (i.e. the SENDGRID_SENDER_ADDRESS). You should be able to access these settings via the "Sender Authentication" section of the settings menu.

Finally, create a SendGrid API Key with "full access" permissions (i.e. the SENDGRID_API_KEY). You should be able to access these settings via the "API Keys" section of the settings menu.
https://www.google.com/url?q=https%3A%2F%2Fapp.sendgrid.com%2Fsettings%2Fapi_keys


NOTE: Sometimes SendGrid may deny your application for seemingly no reason. Try using your personal gmail address as the single sender, and put information related to your business or university (like the address) as the business information.

NOTE: If working in a group or development team, only one group member needs to get this set up successfully, and you can consider sharing credentials with other group members.

Once you have obtained the credentials, set them as notebook secrets called SENDGRID_SENDER_ADDRESS and SENDGRID_API_KEY, respectively.


Create a ".env" file and add contents like the following (using your own AlphaVantage API Key):

```sh
# this is the ".env" file:
ALPHAVANTAGE_API_KEY="..."
```

# optional:

SENDGRID_API_KEY = "---"
SENDGRID_SENDER_ADDRESS = "---"

## Usage

Run the example script:

```sh
python app/my_script.py
```

Run the unemployment report:

```sh
#ALPHAVANTAGE_API_KEY="..." python app/unemployment.py

python app/unemployment.py
```

Run the stocks report:

```sh
python app/stocks.py
```

Run the RPS game:

```sh
python app/rps.py
```

Run the web app (then view in the browser at http://localhost:5000/):

```sh
# Mac OS:
FLASK_APP=web_app flask run

# Windows OS:
# ... if `export` doesn't work for you, try `set` instead
# ... or set FLASK_APP variable via ".env" file
export FLASK_APP=web_app
flask run
```


## Testing

Run tests:

```sh
pytest
```
